General Ideas (Python)
1. Instagram bot - Use selenium and chromedriver modules to write a program that can like images or send dm's to people
2. Email sending bot - Using secure-smtplib, ssl, email-to modules to make a bot that can send out emails to a list of recipients
3. Make some sort of cool GUI using Tkinter  - e.g. something that makes a mixtape out of a list of songs
4. Make a Website with Python (flask)
5. Learn to analyse data using pandas and matplotlib (not really a project)
6. Notes app
7. app to make your own handwriting style
8. Paraphrasing app
9. Tool that finds cheapest listing of a product on the market

Image processing (OpenCV or Pillow) Some could fall under neural networks it just depends on the approach
Maybe check out https://www.pyimagesearch.com/category/image-processing/
1. Webcam Motion Detector
2. Merge two images into one and
3. Pixellate an image to a desired pixel size (instead of using the opencv methods, try using a method like setting the RGB value of pixels in an area to their average)
4. Panorama stitching
5. Scanner app (detect parts of a document that contain text and contrast more)
6. Background removal
7. Colourblind filter


Neural Networks (quite complex)
1. Poem generator (natural language processing)
2. Stock predictors 
3. Binary classification of an image (e.g. is it a human or not)
4. Image tracking and classification
5. Handwriting recognition
6. Chatbot
7. Facial recognition to detect age, sex and mood (extension could be to reccomend music based off this data)
8. Autogenerate subtitles based on sport/gameplay footage
9. GAN that can turn an image into the style of a particular artist (https://towardsdatascience.com/gangogh-creating-art-with-gans-8d087d8f74a1)
10. Detect depression off instagram posts
11. Speech to text (using own dataset and model)
12. Image regeneration for old photos
13. Automatic attendance system (mark person as present if their face is detected)
14. Semantic segmentation (maybe a medical application)
15. Image caption generator
16. Music genre classification
17. Face blur program
18. Video frame interpolation
19. Determine dental health from patient images
20. Change someone's face to a cartoon
21. zero shot learning
22. Determine flexibility (e.g. young's modulus) of a material by seeing image of it being stretched
23. Create music from a caption
24. Content filtering
25. Style transfer (same as GAN)
26. Aeroplane or car model classifier
27. Music lyric extractor
28. Insurance forecaster (health, regression modeeling)
29. Translation App (voice recognition but across languages)




